make 100k a month with the agency, then
switch to coaching. This is what we
sell. We just reduced about 70% of the
[__] you guys say that you do, right?
>> And now becomes much more scalable.
First, you get paid for what you do.
Second, you get paid for what you know.
Third, you get paid for who you are,
which is valuable to you guys.
>> Yes, sir. Definitely.
>> Awesome.
>> 100%.
>> This is Dev, a short film content agency
owner making anywhere between 5 to
$10,000 per month. Now, even though Dev
is currently getting some [__] views,
he isn't consistently attracting his
idol clients. And even if he did, his
offer wasn't set up to allow him to be
able to scale profitably. So, in this 30
minutes business breakdown, I give Dev
the blueprint that he needed to a
structure his offer to focus more so on
what his idol clients really want. That
way, he can charge a lot more and
deliver a simpler, easier service. And
then B, I created him a targeted content
strategy that will position him as the
expert and consistently attract his idol
clients.
>> And you did like a detailed analysis.
What should we do the strategy? And yes,
the offer is working great.
>> Great.
>> Yeah, we got on sales calls closed to
clients after that. Got on gave them the
offer. That's it. Closed.
>> Beautiful.
>> Now, if you don't know me, my name is
Devon Jatho. I have over 360,000
followers on Instagram and I worked with
over a 100 business owners to scale
their online business to multiple six
and seven figures per month through
organic content. And once a month I host
the viral flow games inside of my low
ticket community viral flow where the
four people who post the most and the
best results that they're getting from
being inside this community win a 30inut
in-depth breakdown of their business and
content strategy just like you're about
to see here. So, if you want a breakdown
just like this for yourself, then you
can either click on the second link in
the description to join over 300 people
inside ViralFlow to compete in the next
Viral Flow games. Or if you're a
business owner who's just already making
over 20K per month and more so just
wants guaranteed hands-on one-on-one
help from myself to help build and
monetize your personal brand, then feel
free to click on the first link in the
description to learn more about Nexus.
All right, now let's hop in. Cool. So,
let's go ahead and first cover over the
current operation to go and get context
to make sure you guys can correct any of
my context that I've ever gotten
incorrect. And then once we are aligned
on the understanding of what you guys
got going on, we'll go over how to, as
you guys can see, blow up your business.
>> Let's go.
>> So, first things first, Rick, I'm not
sure how much you had. No. Yeah, you're
50/50. So, Rick, you deserve uh
recognition for this as well. You guys
are by far the first place in Viral Flow
Games. You guys posted nine wins. So, I
want to start off by saying that good
job. And if there was a first, the
fourth,
>> you'd be in [__] first.
>> I appreciate it.
>> Beautiful. All right. So, the current
business model, to my understanding
right now, is that we currently sell a
done for you content service with a
package of 25 videos a month for $3,500
a month. Are those both correct?
>> Correct.
>> Awesome. Now, your idol client avatar
are founders, entrepreneurs, and
business owners primarily, preferably in
the US or UK who want to build a
personal brand on Instagram and generate
high ticket leads through organic
content, but they don't have the skill,
time, desire to script, film, or edit
for themselves. They value authority
positioning and want to attract premium
and premium clients that are willing to
invest in done for you systems to save
time and scale faster. All right. And
then the current goal is to hit 10K a
month MR consistently with a caveat of
doing that with still having well more
so creating a smooth operating system.
>> Yes.
>> Correct.
>> And you're currently at $6,000 a month
on average. Correct.
>> Yes.
>> Awesome. All right. So your guys's
biggest problems are number one is a
lack of systems meaning that you guys
are delivering results but you don't
have a streamlined system for client
onboarding delivery or team oper team
operations. The second problem you guys
mentioned is a lack of content
direction. As in you have unclear
content pillars and messaging that make
it hard to consistently attract the
right high-paying clients. Third thing
you guys mentioned is that you guys are
struggling to consistently target and
attract premium clients who value and
can afford your high ticket services.
Then lastly, you're unsure on who to
grow or more so who to hire um or how to
delegate effic effectively to grow
beyond the current revenue without
sacrificing quality or time. Are all
four of those things correct? Yes.
>> Yeah. Correct. Cool.
>> So then my solutions are going to be one
of two things. One is going to be
reccalibrating your offer. So we're
going to reduce the amount of
deliverables that you guys have to
fulfill on to save time. But then also
while reducing the amount of
deliverables that you're going to give,
it's going to increase the value or the
perception of value to your service by
focusing on what the premium client
actually wants. Then we're going to more
so eliminate bloat in the current
systems and streamline delivery.
Reposition your service to feel more
exclusive and and results driven. Then
lastly, optimize your operations. That
way, you can scale without burning out.
>> Right?
>> Once you recalibrate your offer, then
we'll dial in your content strategy. So,
position your content to attract premium
high paying clients. Make it 100% clear
who you help and what you and what
outcome you deliver. Build trust with
authority. Build trust and authority
through valuing content. Attracts
clients that are willing to pay 3.5
without resistance. and then hopefully
be able to position yourself to raise
your prices up to 5, 10, or even as much
as I did at 30 to 50k retainers.
>> Oh, okay. Cool.
>> Okay. Do do you think like 3.5K for that
kind of done for you service is like
right the price fit?
>> Which about to hop into that? So, for
the current offer, what we're going to
do is we're going to look at your old
package. We're going to go over the new
package and then we're going to fix your
guarantee. So, for what you guys
currently have, you got to sell a done
for you service. Now, you guys must
understand the equation of a done for
you service. The point of a done for you
service for the client is going to be
for more so for a rich client is going
to be to decrease friction while
increasing the believability of a
result. If you do those two things and
you have yourself a high ticket client,
the qualified client that you're looking
for wants to do as little as possible
and get a decent result. That is their
goal. So with that said, looking at your
old package, there's a lot of [__] here
and a lot of [__] here that does not
need to be here.
>> Okay. Let's do them.
>> So, first things first, you have these
two. Instagram platform supports real
plus carousels plus stories as needed.
We can cut that [__] The only thing
they care about is that if they send you
a message, will you respond in a couple
hours?
>> Okay.
>> Secondly, 25 cinematic reels per month.
What you're going to do is you're going
to change this to 24 reels per month.
Why? Simply because if you do 25 reals
per month, then you have uneven
delegation within the editing. So,
what's 25 divided by 4? It will be 6 24
divide 25 divided by 4.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. It's not a like an even.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, the point is is that it would
be the odd number. The problem with this
is that whenever it comes to delegating
to editors, you also delegate unevenly.
As in if you have one editor that you
guys delegate, no, if you guys have two
editors that you're delegating videos
to, at what point are you going to
delegate three to this guy and two to
this guy? And then it creates the
complexity of, okay, does that mean that
the guy that gets three is supposed to
get the three videos done the same time
that the guy the other guy gets two
videos done? Are you supposed to pay
them the same? There's just a lot of
complexity there. But if you just remove
it back by one video, then all of a
sudden you have even delegation as in
you can delegate how many videos a week.
So 24 divided by
>> six videos. Six videos.
>> There you go. And then whenever you
delegate the six videos across two
editors, that means it's three and
three. Or if you delegate the videos
across three editors, that means it's
two, two, and two. So you have even
delegation, even delegation across the
board, which is going to be important
whenever you guys begin to scale.
>> Got it?
>> Yeah.
>> And then the rest of the [__] we can
just cut. So B-roll, shot list. Your
high ticket clients don't want to shoot
their own [__] B-roll. And they're
not going to unless
>> unless they have a videographer that
you're handing the shot list to, they
don't give a [__] about this and they
don't even want this. This lowers the
perception of value to the offer unless
you're giving this to their
videographer.
>> Shoot coaching. I don't see how this
fits into the service. If you guys are
on a Zoom call whenever he's shooting
the content, maybe. But it's just like,
is that even what he wants? Probably not
because that will increase the amount of
time that it takes for him to record
substantially.
>> So basically, they are like, I don't
know how to talk in front of the camera.
So we are going to like help them like
how they can speak in a good flow, some
kind of like that. So that's a big
problem they say they have. Whenever you
start working with higher and higher
ticket clients, the thing is this is
become going to become less of an issue
because the higher ticket clients are
typically individuals that are going to
be high skill set as in they're good at
sales as in they run paid ads quite
often. Typically, whenever you start
charging the higher ticket prices,
that's not going to be something that
they even want.
>> Go ahead.
>> I would just go and cut it for
simplicity. AI workflow AI workflow
training. They don't want to be trained
on [__] If they wanted to be coached,
they would have paid for it done with
you. However, they just want you to do
it for them. Cut this. Same thing with
prompt packs. They expect you to do it
for them. Cut this automations
dashboard. What the [__] does that mean?
Cut it. It's confusing. SOP library. I
don't want SOPs. They're supposed to do
it for me. I don't want to be taught how
to do it. You do it. Cut that. Potion
schedule. I don't think that really
matters. I I think that's just adding
complexity. And then all the add-on [__]
we [__] cut. 30 real volume plan. Cut
it. DM set plus warm outbound
prospecting. Cut it. Cold hours
sequences, cut it. HDR setup, cut it.
Full funnel build, cut all of it. Okay.
>> So, what the new package is going to
look like is it's going to look like
this. So, for $3,500 a month, they're
going to get 24 real monthly. And the
only thing that you're going to say is,
"Hey, I'm going to have hella [__]
ideas for you to choose from, and you
choose the best ones." Now, whenever you
choose the ideas, I'm going to have you
rate the ideas from one through five
stars. That way, we can learn and kind
of get trained on exactly what you like.
And then week over week or excuse me or
month over month we will continuously
curate this list to better fit what
you're looking for.
>> Great.
>> Cool. So they choose the ideas that they
like. Do you currently script the videos
for them or do you just optimize the
scripts?
>> Maybe we script the videos for script.
>> Okay. Stop doing that. Okay. Let's do
this. Rick, have you ever sold a high
ticket program that's 10K plus?
>> 10K plus? Nope. Not yet.
>> Cool. So, if a sales coach comes in that
teaches closers how to sell high ticket
programs and he's like, "Hey guys, I
want to give you guys five grand." Can
you guys are are you guys going to
script for that guy?
>> I mean, yeah. I mean, yeah, we can.
>> Yeah, we can. Yeah.
>> Okay. Now, whenever you create content
for that guy, he's going to be under the
presumption that it's going to be
educational based content or
entertainment based content.
>> Educational educational. So, do you guys
think that your education is going to be
better than all the other high ticket
experienced closers out there that this
guy is selling to?
>> I mean, we cannot say it's better. I
mean, we can give him like what's
needed.
>> Yeah.
>> I wouldn't say like better because there
are obviously better guys than us in the
market. So what if the premise of the
brand that you're going to build for a
client is going to be built off
education and that client has all the
education? Why the [__] would you guys
be writing out the education for the
video and not them? As in they want to
bring in more high ticket clients. They
want to be the authority. They want to
be the industry leader. That does not
happen if dev writes the [__] scripts
because dev can't give the education
that he can give.
>> Right? So, what I'm about to tell you
guys to do is going to be substantially
harder to sell because again, the
equation that you're trying to optimize
for is to reduce friction and increase
the believability of a result. With that
said, making them write the scripts is
increasing friction substantially. Sub
[__] stantially.
So, it depends on how you frame it. The
way that you should go about this is is
that you basically have the 50 ideas for
for them to choose from. You can either
do it weekly, bi-weekly, I don't really
care how you do it. No, do it bi-weekly.
do it bi-weekly.
Bi-weekly, every single bi-week. And
then you let them choose 25. You let
them choose from 25 ideas and choose the
12 that they like the most. Once they
choose those 12 ideas, what you're going
to do is you're going to take those 12
ideas and then you're going to create
direction around the ideas on what you
want him to script about. As in, let's
say one of the ideas is about um taking
a credit card on the call. Then you
would prepare the direction for the
script as I'm saying, "Hey, here's the
questions I want you to answer in this.
Here's the direction I want you to use.
These are a couple hooks that I like."
You just basically prepare the base of
the script and then you send those
scripts over to him for him to fill out
as in he writes the education of the
video. Once he wrote the education of
the video,
>> he send he takes all those 12 videos
that you just scripted or in or
integrated his knowledge into
>> and then he sends them back to you and
then you optimize the script. So as in
you move everything around, cut things
that don't need to be there. But from
there you're now a sculptor. He's giving
you the rock and the bigger the rock
that he gives, the better sculpture that
you can create. However, he must give
you that rock for you to make a
sculpture. With that said, one thing I
would want is definitely their language
as well. When we start to get their
language, the script becomes it becomes
much it makes
>> Yeah, that's that's a thing
>> because at that point, not only is it
going to be front facing as in they
building a brand that is authentic to
them, then also it just makes the
recordings better because they are
reading words that they've actually
written. Now, of course, you're going to
be changing them around, but the
language
>> that's a good that's a good thing.
>> Yeah. So then again, this is a huge
friction increase, but you have to be
able to sell the idea that it's going to
increase the likelihood that they get
the result. And that is a necess that is
necessary. If I ever pitch someone that
I'm going to do something for them,
>> I make it I make them not want someone
to script for them. And that's the goal
whenever you mention script
optimization. Premium editing,
>> cool, no problem. SEO and posting, cool,
no problem. An analytics report. This is
the only thing that you can do for a
client for $3,500 a month.
>> Okay. Also, do you think like we should
hop on like weekly calls with them to
just go through all the videos we have
posted or something like that?
>> Rich people don't want to talk to you
>> if they want. If they like want
>> if they are asking for it and it's a if
somebody asks me that and I'm on the and
I'm selling the client on a 50k a month
package, bi-weekly is best in my
opinion. So, I'm going to tell him
bi-weekly and then he's and then I
expect him to look at me and go, "Okay,
Devin, you got this. This is your
responsibility and you're responsible
for these metrics. If bi-weekly is best,
I'm down to do bi-weekly." And that
would be the situation on how I'd
approach the
>> okay
>> the question. If you're make if you're
having them choose 25 ideas bi-weekly,
then you can just make that a
multi-purpose call, as in here are the
ideas, here's what's happened within the
past by week. Here's what we plan to do
in the next by week.
>> Okay,
>> you got it.
>> That sounds good.
Yeah. So also what we were doing we were
thinking of like giving some type of
coaching system on that call but like it
would be much more it would create much
more friction right if we do that
>> they don't want to learn they don't want
to do it they want you to do it
>> that is that is thing but like there are
the thing is that even if they are
willing to pay like $3,500 a month right
and they're going to be like okay I want
to be like I'm I need to you to do all
the things like post my videos
but I also want to on the things because
I have came up with clients like that.
>> That's that's why we decided to like
the call and teach them on the weekly
calls.
>> Yeah, we do one weekly calls to teach
them out like how the system works
because they are like I'm willing to pay
but I want to learn the systems too with
you. That's kind of came across. So what
do you think about that?
>> If you really want to do that then just
say okay yeah I'll hop on a 1 hour call
with you every single week for 2k a
month for an add-on to the current
service.
>> Okay. like do you want like to add on
the charges for that like for the
coaching?
>> Right now you're charging to do the
work. If they're going to ask for
coaching,
>> there's always going to be a price. It's
there's always a price. So figure out
whatever price that is for you.
Realistically, it's 2K month kind of
steep. I think you guys would be happy
for 15.
>> Mhm.
>> Cool. Then you're have a 5K month
retainer client,
>> right? Got it.
>> Yes. Definitely charge for that.
>> Sure.
>> Cool. So this is our new package. This
is what we sell. We just reduced about
70% the [__] you guys say that you do
and now it becomes much more scalable
because all you need is someone to help
you find the ideas for the client.
That's a hire
>> editing obviously you outsource that and
the guys finding out the ideas can do
the SEO and posting. So now the only
thing that you guys have to do
realistically is the script optimization
and to hop on the call with the clients
bi-weekly.
>> Okay. Got it. Got it.
>> Now for the guarantee. I'm realizing as
soon as I clicked on this I was like
[__] this is the one thing that I forgot
to do as in make it look pretty.
However, all the information is here
that I need.
>> Okay. All right. So, the three things
that you guys mentioned in the guarantee
is that you guarantee 20 calls in 50
days. Otherwise, you work for free until
you hit 20.
>> 10K followers in four months. Miss it to
get an extra month for free. And you get
on time posting. When you miss a post,
you get two bonus reels. Here's the
problem with this. First things first,
20 calls in 50 days. You guys don't
control that. Where's this at? There we
go. Okay. You guys don't control how
many books calls they get unless you're
fulfilling on the funnel, doing their
marketing on their IG stories, DM
settings, and etc. You guys are not
responsible for the amount of calls that
they generate. You guys are responsible
for the quality of attention that you
guys generate through the content. Also,
on top of that, if the client makes a
lot of money, they probably don't want
you touching any of that [__] anyways
because they feel like they already have
the skill and they can do it better than
you. All they think that they need, the
people that make a lot of money, is that
they need more quality attention.
>> Okay? They're only looking for
attention.
>> Quality attention.
>> Oh, quality attention.
>> So, we just cut this [__]
>> Got it.
>> Now, for on time posting, they don't
care about extra real or they would pay
more. We're talking about a rich person.
>> Poor people want free [__] Rich person,
if they wanted more, they paid more.
They
>> Okay,
>> they don't want extra [__] or they pay
for it. They just want the [__] that you
said that you're going to do to be done
and done well and done on time. So,
>> got it. You saying that I'm going to
guarantee that if I [__] up, I'm going
to give you two reals back. There's no
reason for it because the expectation
that you guys are going to be on time.
Exactly. Okay.
>> So, [__] the guarantee as in you'll get
on time posting. Just it should just be
first off the expectation. And secondly,
if you guys want to have this internal
process to make up for it, as in, okay,
I knew I was late. I [__] up. I'm
going to do something the client doesn't
expect and I'm going to give them two
reals next time as like a bonus. It's
like, okay, cool. That's just how you
guys operate. It's like, "Okay, we
[__] up and we're going to make it
better by 2x." That's fine, but don't
put it in the guarantee cuz it should
just be implied. So, we cut this [__]
Now, we're left with 10k followers in 4
months. Miss it to get an extra month
free. Did I write anything about this?
There we go. So, basically what you're
saying is if our [__] doesn't work in 4
months, don't worry. We'll give you
another one even though it didn't
[__] work the first four.
>> That's not sexy. You saying, "Hey, my
[__] doesn't work. I'm going to give you
more [__] that doesn't work." is not
sexy. Also, 10K followers. Like, let's
say, for example, you're pitching to me.
I'm going to reach 10K followers whether
I post another video or not in 4 months.
>> Bro, you are you are there, man.
>> But that's not that's not the point.
Let's say let's say for example,
someone's at 50K followers right now.
And you tell them that you're that
you're going to get them 10K in 4
months, they're not going to like that.
They're like, eh, I'd probably do that
anyway.
>> Talk about scratch. If someone wanted to
go from scratch,
>> so if someone hopped on the call and
they did have 50K followers, what would
you do? If they didn't have 10k
followers like from scratch.
>> No, no, no. If they had 50k and
>> Oh. Oh. Oh.
Thought about that.
>> And you guys want that person?
>> Yes. Yeah, we all definitely we would
want that person.
>> Hell yeah, you guys want that person.
That's a [__] billboard.
>> Hell yeah.
>> Cool. Then we got to optimize for that
person. So, it can't be 10K followers in
4 months. Now, personally, I've never
found a way to just say here's the
framework that we're going to follow to
give a guarantee. Personally, whenever
I'm giving a guarantee, it is around the
follower accounts because I can't find a
better metric to track. Um, it's the
most correlated metric to them making
more money with what we do or with what
I did in the case of giving the agency
service. Um, and I couldn't like sit
there and be like, okay, if they're 50k
followers, I'll guarantee them 100. Cuz
then it's just there's a lot of
different variables. For example,
they're TAM. What is your total
adjustable market? If they're in
fitness, obviously it's much bigger than
someone who coaches people on how to
build fences. So it was purely dependent
on the person. So if I hopped on a call
with someone, I want to give someone a
guarantee, which I did, I would always
sit there and be like, okay, what is
what do I think I can hit this guy and
how can I what whatever I think I can
hit for this guy, how can I exceed my
expectation and raise it a little bit
more. So if they hop in the call and
they are at zero followers, I've given
people 0 to 25k in 3 months and I and it
I'll just come up with it on the spot
based on what I feel about the person.
If the person is 67 and they're jacked
out of their [__] mind and they're a
fitness coach, that person is going to
get a higher guarantee than the guy
that's 5'2 and 100 pounds.
>> That's true. That's true.
>> So, I would say x amount of new
followers and then you just make this
[__] up on the spot.
>> Okay.
>> Now, we do like to give them like a
follower guarantee. That's for today.
>> Cool.
>> Like give a guarantee with this metric.
>> Yeah. Just give a guarantee around
followers. The main thing is that you
position in a way that's not like we'll
get you this amount of followers because
there's a lot of thing that goes in the
client's mind as as in um they might
>> if I was a client then what guarantee
would you give me?
>> If I was selling you an agency service,
I would give you X followers in X
months. However, the way that you
position it is important. So, you don't
position it as X followers in X months.
You want to make sure that you build
around the understanding that it's not
going to be just followers cuz people
don't want followers, they want clients.
What's the best correlation between
followers and clients is going to be
quality followers as in every single
video that we're going to create is
going to be educational that is directly
targeted towards your idol client. And
we're not going to post anything outside
of that. So all the followers that we're
going to build over the next 4 months
are going to be coming from these
educational videos that position you as
an authority. Now, I can't guarantee how
many you convert. That's on you. But
what I can guarantee is this quality
audience that I can gather you over the
next four months that as long as you can
hold up your end of the deal, we're both
going to make a lot of [__] money.
>> Now, for this portion, which is here's
what we'll do, and here's what happens
if we don't do it. This is disgusting.
This is like saying, "Hey, I'm going to
give you a free taco." No, no, no. Hey,
you're going to pay for four tacos.
>> You buy the four tacos, you eat one
taco, you get [__] food poisoning.
It's like, "Oh, [__] I'm taking [__]
every I'm [__] everywhere. I'm
throwing up. Jesus Christ. The second
taco, same thing. Third taco, same
thing. Fourth taco, same thing. And then
the guy's like, "Yo, bro, I'm sorry. Let
me give you a fifth taco." It's like,
"Fuck you."
>> Okay.
>> So, how do we make this sexy? Just do
this. X followers in 4 months or money
back. But the money back isn't enough.
If you want to work with rich people,
the most important asset is time. So, it
can't just be money back plus 5K.
>> Okay.
And if you really want to get fancy,
this is what I used to do. This is
actually the guarantee I gave, by the
way. Money back, 5K plus pizza delivered
to your doorstep.
>> You still get this guarantee. This
>> I do. I like the pizza. I like the pizza
angle.
>> Then I'll change it to tacos.
>> There you go.
>> I'm going to
Got it.
>> I'll Uber eat you whatever taco of your
choice.
>> Got it.
>> Now all of a sudden this is sexy. It's
like, okay, okay. These guys are coming
in. They're obviously [__] cocky.
Look at them. They're young. They're
getting after it. And they're telling me
they're going to get me this in this
amount of months or I just get all my
money back. 5K and some [__] tacos.
Why would I not give these guys my
money?
>> Right.
>> So So now you guys have guaranteed to
where it's like, [__] it, why not? But
then also you guys have a new package
that you guys can sell to where first
things first, it's more desirable to the
client cuz they actually understand what
the [__] you're doing. Before it was
like, hey, we'll do everything. It's
like, eh. But now they actually
understand what you're doing and it's
easier on you guys to fulfill cuz you're
doing less,
>> right?
>> So, this is the new offer. Any questions
about this package and the guarantee?
>> No. Uh, no questions for this.
>> Cool. So, now that we have the new
offer, let's go ahead and recreate
our content strategy. So, the four
pillars that you guys gave me, I just
want to go and say I understand you just
threw some [__] up there cuz you guys
don't have any pillars. Awesome. But
this is what you gave me. Number one is
going to be AI powered personal
branding.
>> Yes.
>> Do you guys do anything for them
whenever it comes to AI?
>> Do do I do anything for them when it
comes to AI? No. AI is doing it for
them.
>> Yeah. Yeah. AI is doing it.
>> Cool. So, if it's not you guys doing it
for them, it's AI doing it for them. Why
the [__] would we teach them that?
>> Okay.
>> [__] that. That's out of the [__]
pillar. Number number four, done for you
is not a topic. That's just you trying
to sell, which is okay. I'm all down for
selling. However, these are going to be
the pillars that your brand are built
off of. You do not want to have a weak
pillar done for you. Scratch that for
obvious reasons. Number two is
monetization and revenue stacking. You
must get much more clear on what that
means. Monetization and revenue
stacking. You must get more you must get
much more specific because the person
that makes a lot of money doesn't want
to know how you monetize or how you get
revenue because they already have a lot
more than you. So, we scratch that name.
I like the idea of helping them convert
with content, but we're not going to
call it monetization revenue stacking.
then vowel growth metrics or mechanics.
That's kind of the whole reason they're
paying you. I'm fine with that, but
we're still going to change it up a
little bit.
>> So, Mr. Rick,
>> yes.
>> I have a question.
>> Yeah.
>> What is the definition of a strategy?
>> Strategy is like the definition of
strategy where you have planned for for
a specific thing or like a road map of
what we will do on that specific thing
about that specific thing.
>> That was a lot of specific things.
lot of specific thing.
>> Cool. So, a strategy according to Mr.
Hoji is a strategy. Oh, wait. No, a
strategy is a constraint on decision-m.
>> Mhm.
>> So, with that said, Dev, what is a
content strategy?
>> Like, um, content strategy would be uh
something that you follow and hammer
into your viewers's mind message. So, a
content strategy is a set of constraints
on what to post about, what types of
videos to create around that topic, and
when to post them.
Okay, got it.
>> Now, I don't know if they have these in
India, how I would assume so. What's a
compass?
>> It's a compass.
>> Yeah. Direct direction.
>> Yeah, it's show direction.
>> Cool. How many directions are on a
compass?
>> Four.
>> Cool.
So, a compass is simply a tool that
balances on the Earth's poles to show
you which direction you're facing. A
content compass is a tool that balances
building a long-term asset and a
short-term
monetization funnel, giving you clear
direction on where to take your content.
>> So, what is your content compass? That's
what we're going to cover. So, first
things first, your niche is short form
marketing,
>> right? And your niche statement is going
to be, I help founders and business
owners build personal brands that
attract high ticket clients through
short form content.
>> Okay.
>> And then the four directions that you're
going to use as a compass for your
content strategy is going to be these
four things. Number one, social media
strategy. Going over how to plan,
structure, and systemize content and
profile to grow personal brands that
grow businesses. So for example, you
might go over a founders's viral weekly
content schedule or even how to create
client f focused content pillars.
Anything oriented around a a social
media strategy.
>> Okay.
>> Number two is going to be engagement,
how to increase attention, watch time
and engagement metrics across organic
content. So going over things like how
to use trial reels, how to turn one idea
into seven viral hooks, how to make a
viral visual hook, anything oriented
around getting them more engagement.
>> Right. Okay. The third thing is going to
be video production. How to optimize
scripting, recording, or editing to
improve production efficiency, clarity,
or authority in content creation. An
example might be I'm sure you guys have
seen the Demon Zone video.
>> An example might be, have you guys seen
the video to where you never wear a
white shirt cuz the caption poin [__]
like that. And then content and then
content that converts. That's what we're
going to swap monetization revenue
stacking with. So, how to create short
form content that turns that turns views
into DMs, leads, and high ticket sales
from ideal clients. And these are videos
like here's how to create profit driven
CTAs, how to create an an organic ad on
your Instagram account. Even how to use
mini chat on your videos to get more
conversions.
>> Go ahead.
>> Do you see how this is much more
directed at your idol client rather than
the AI [__]
>> Yeah, it is.
>> Cool. Any questions around the content
compass?
>> No, there's no question around that
regard.
>> Cool. So, here's the new operation.
Here's what we've done. We have
increased the perceived value of our
offer while decreasing the amount of
deliverables and fulfillment.
>> Mhm.
>> We cleared up your brand messaging to
make it obvious with who you help and
what you deliver. And then we redefined
your content strategy to attract high
ticket premium clients and position you
in a way to where you can raise your
prices eventually to five to 10 or even
higher whenever you are ready and this
is the new operation and this is how we
solved all the problems that we
mentioned previously.
>> Also another thing like you said you
used to charge on like 50k a month right
for done for you service. So what what
did you give to them? Like the same
thing that you're showing it to me you
give them to send them.
>> The same thing exact same thing
>> fork.
>> Then again there's a lot of things that
they could message guaranteed.
>> What now?
>> You added
>> you do not give them a guarantee.
>> Now I don't get I mean now we don't do
the service anymore but
>> yeah. Yeah I know that
>> at the end of the services the thing is
the clients that you want and those type
of clients don't necessarily ask for
guarantees.
Okay. Awesome. Got it. And also like the
four corner pillars you showed us, do
you want us to like make content only
around that?
>> These are the only pieces of content
that you ever create. Nothing falls out
of your content compass.
>> Okay, got it. Also, would you like us to
create like any personal like videos
regarding our lives or something like
that?
>> Do you think any of your ideal clients
desire to live the life that you guys
live?
>> Not about that. Like so they can know
about us people
if they know.
>> I have I have a question Dev and Rick.
What's my favorite sport?
>> Our favorite your favorite sport?
>> I don't know.
>> Okay. What's the name of my dog?
>> Do I have a dog?
>> I don't know.
>> The point is is you guys really don't
give a [__] Now you guys might care a
little bit more because you guys are
aware of who I am and what I've done.
However, previously if you guys had no
[__] clue on who I am, you don't give
a [__] You don't give a [__]
>> Yeah. Now at a certain
>> you
>> you also started creating those kind of
videos like for the YouTube long form
videos
>> indeed like
>> make it relate to your life.
>> Yeah. You like made a video about your
house and Yeah.
>> at this point in time to who I sell to.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm not I don't live the desirable life
to what they want. However, I'm at the
point to where most likely I do make
more money than where they are now. So
it's a different situation.
>> Okay. So would you suggest us to like
when we get there like showing our
lifestyle if we get to that point?
>> You never want to sell I mean for what
you're selling you never want to sell
lifestyle. Like I don't sell lifestyle
in the slightest.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know that.
>> No. Um there's three levels to life.
First you get paid for what you do.
Second you get paid for what you know.
Third you get paid for who you are. And
you can start to see that when we start
looking at the bigger brands. So the
heroi Hermosi just get paid for who he
is. It doesn't matter if he messages you
and says, "Hey, bro, give me $1,000 and
I'll hop on a 1 hour call." It's just
going to be, "Where's the link? How can
I give him my money? Please, I don't I
don't know if this is real or not, but
I'm going to take a chance." And the
reason why the reason why you're willing
to do that is just cuz you're willing to
pay him based on who he is.
>> Okay, got it. Got it.
>> Right now.
>> So, like, yeah. Yeah. Go on. Go on.
>> No one gives a [__] about who you are.
Okay. Go ahead.
>> Got it. So, like the four corner
pillars, I got it clearly. Now for the
shooting part, like would you just want
us to like sit and talk in front of the
camera or would you would it be fine
like if we shoot B- rolls like us riding
us typing a little bit of cinematic
shots?
>> Yes.
>> Like we are riding the camera like blow
it out a little bit.
>> Like you did went through our content,
right?
>> Yes. But then I also answered this on
the [__] viral flow workshop. I don't
care what you do as long as you have
good visual representation
>> that that I got it. But like many many
like thousands of people are doing the
same thing like helping people grow on
social media like some are higher some
are lower some are fine right so
standing out is like a really important
thing to me like I want to stand out
with my high quality content right you
get me that's a really thing I want to
get creative with it
>> okay you saying I want to stand out by
creating high quality content it's the
same goal with every other [__]
content marketer
>> do do will you like give us a suggestion
to do like shoots go get more creative
with the I'm wearing those and shorts.
I'm asking for your opinion on
>> I am always open to an individual having
an X factor. For example, you know
Carson,
>> yes,
>> Carson found a way to be unique. Now, of
course, it wasn't with the visuals, but
he found a way to be unique. I'm always
going to be I'm always going to be
optimistic whenever it comes to someone
having an X factor. Now, whenever it
comes to which visual representation is
best, I'm telling you, I don't give a
[__] I just give a [__] that your
visual representations help the viewer
better understand what they need to do,
what you're trying to get them to
understand. Outside of that, I don't
think it really matters outside of you
trying to be unique. If you're unique,
awesome. Extra points.
>> Got it. Got it.
>> Cool. Now, two questions that you guys
asked uh in the loom that I want to go
and address. Should I be switching my
YouTube to English?
>> Hi. Yeah,
>> Hindi.
>> Your native language? Yeah.
>> Cool. Native language. Um, do you want
to make more money?
>> Yes, sir.
>> Do you want to sell
English?
>> Cool. So, yes, YouTube should be
switched to English. And then secondly,
you asked, should I hire a video editor
or setter? Right? Now, the thing is,
>> no, we do have video editors. I guess we
also about the setter.
>> I mean, like if you guys were selling
something that you guys would sell
infinitely, as in an infinite scale,
it's like sure, but if I tried to give
you guys five clients today, could you
guys take on the five clients with no
stress? Would you be like, [__]
>> Yeah, it's going to be stressful because
it's a done for you. So, it's like, do
you really need a setter to manage DMs?
Or whenever you get a message from a guy
that looks like he makes [__] money,
you just respond to him and then if
there's three of those guys a month,
awesome. Will you just maxed out your
[__] service what you can handle
right now? So, do you really need a
setter? Probably not. Also, on top of
that, the setter doesn't want to come
work for you guys because if you guys
only take three or four to five clients,
they only get paid off the first sale
unless you give them recurring revenue,
which I assume you don't want to do. M.
So, you couldn't even get a setter
because 5% or $3,500 is what? Like,
>> again, that guy can only sell three
people a month max. So, they don't see
the value in that. But then also on top
of that, if you take 10 sales calls in a
month and you close three, again, you're
maxed out. So, if you're looking to
spend money somewhere, I'll just say get
a better video editor.
>> Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. Also, what I
was going to ask
>> also like so one time we were on a field
called Guide to the Simply Safety. you
guys are selling out the same thing like
same pay book of the different page like
other 100 guys there were 100 guys that
are selling the same thing that really
helped us like that's after that we
decided to do something unique of our
content so like should we do something
unique like he's saying
>> yeah he just said like we giving the
same [__] like what other people are
doing the same
>> he didn't care about money he just said
do what I'm saying and if you guys are
doing the same thing
>> oh god
>> the thing is what do they expect you to
do
if if the goal is to get more organic
traffic that's going to make them more
money. Uh it's just that we have to
increase our authority in front of the
my audience
>> that but then it's also like what does
that person expect like do they do do
they want different like you can't
change the deliverables from what they
want if they want to grow their personal
brand you got to post videos we'll help
you make the [__] videos when do you
want from me
>> yeah that's a good
>> yeah okay
>> so I wouldn't let that be too far in
your head all right you guys have two
more questions maximum think them
through and ask them over the next 60
seconds
>> okay got it as of right now we don't
have the testimonials to show out to our
like audience that oh I'm helping this
this this guy we're like really starting
out we're just getting results we know
that yeah we kind of can do [__] on
social media but yeah I want to also
switch to coaching business right so
when do you suggested that we should
switch it up like to coaching business
>> make 100k a month with the agency then
switch to coaching
>> got it okay got it I'm I'm also going to
start my like personal branding so I we
were thinking to start that like My
personal banning related to YouTube like
YouTube grows. So would that be better
or like should we
>> on Instagram? Yes. Like related to
YouTube grows like how to monetize
>> because we have lots of channels on in
YouTube but yeah we we have the
testimonials but like should we do on
YouTube or Instagram
>> like yeah topic the niche can it be like
how to grow on YouTube on Instagram?
>> If you do that then that's under the
presumption that you guys are trying to
get more clients that you want to grow
their YouTube for.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. You guys will you guys just
created two different business models
then. If it's here's how to help with
short form and here's how to help with
YouTube
>> long form.
>> Yeah.
>> So, it's just like that would just
increase complexity substantially. Would
it be better to have five YouTube
clients and 10 short form clients or
just 15 short form clients and you guys
have the system styled? The processes
are the same across all 15 people refer
you knowing exactly what they're
referring you to. It's not like, oh,
should I do YouTube or should I do short
form? Then you're going to start getting
those those questions on the sales call
as in, oh, which one should I do?
Because they can't afford both. and you
have to sit there with them and go, "Oh,
well, should probably do short form
first." Like, [__] that. Just start with
short form and once you guys make 100k a
month, if you guys want to add something
to the overall model to increase clients
value, I I still don't like the idea,
but I'm open to the idea. However, until
then, I would just say do one thing, do
it better, do it more.
>> Like he was talking about his personal
brand though.
>> I understand that, but if he makes a
bunch of YouTube content, then you're
going to have people that want to scale
their YouTube and then it's like, oh,
I'm going to this guy just offered me
5K. I'm going to take their money. Then
you have to create new processes, new
editors, new uh deliverables as in
thumbnails, and you have to hire [__]
designers, and you have to make new
processes around designers. It's a pain
in the [__] ass.
>> So, we can make the same like same kind
of videos. People
>> make the same kind of videos, short form
content.
>> Here's how to grow.
>> Wouldn't that be like a little bit
congested? Because like we're providing
the same value. So, well, it'll be the
same thing, right?
>> Don't make the same [__] videos. Just
make short from content videos.
>> Okay. Got it. Got it. and then make a
competition in between you guys as in
whoever gets the most clients that books
in for this month gets a higher
percentage of profit for this month.
>> Okay. Okay. Got it.
>> Got it.
>> All right. Then that ends off today's um
Viral Flow Games call which is valuable
to you guys.
>> Yes, sir. Definitely awesome.
>> 100%.
>> All right. Hopefully you guys enjoyed
this breakdown. Now, if you would like
to compete for a chance to win your own
live breakdown in the next Viral Floor
School Games, then feel free to go and
click on the second link in the
description below to check out my low
ticket community, ViralFlow. Or if
you're a business owner who's already
making over 20K per month and more so
just wants oneonone help from myself on
building your personal brand and your
content team and you would like to know
what that could look like, then feel
free to go and click on the first link
in the description to learn more about
Nexus.